{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1251\cocoartf1671
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red78\green78\blue78;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c38039\c38039\c38039;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;}
\paperw11905\paperh16837\margl1133\margr1133\margb1133\margt1133
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl960\sa480\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs90 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\up0 \nosupersub \ulnone \outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Privacy Policy\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\fs28 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Anton Gaenko built the One Thing of a King app as a Free app. This APP is provided by Anton Gaenko at no cost and is intended for use as is.\
This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my App.\
If you choose to use my App, then you agree to the collection and use of information in relation to this policy. The Personal Information that I collect is used for providing and improving the App. I will not use or share your information with anyone except as described in this Privacy Policy.\
The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at One Thing of a King unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl480\sa320\partightenfactor0

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Information Collection and Use
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
For a better experience, while using our App, I collect anonymized analytics without any way to identify your device or your location. This information includes operation system name and version, platform, version of application and anonymized log of how you use this application. For that purpose the app does use third party service Amplitude ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://amplitude.com/privacy"}}{\fldrslt \cf2 \cb3 \ul \ulc2 \strokec2 https://amplitude.com/privacy}}).\
\
\

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Links to Other Sites
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
This App may contain links to other sites. If you click on a third-party link, you will be directed to that site. Note that these external sites are not operated by me. Therefore, I strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of these websites. I have no control over and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies, or practices of any third-party sites or services.\

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Children\'92s Privacy
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
This App do not address anyone under the age of 13. I do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13.\

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Changes to This Privacy Policy
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.\

\f1\b \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 Contact Us
\f0\b0 \cf2 \cb3 \strokec2 \
If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me.\
}